Refactor customToast (#3082)
keystonejs/keystone: packages/app-admin-ui/README.md

};
```

#### `customToast`

> Allows customizing the content of toast notification when an item is saved or deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
Allows customizing the content of toast notification when an item is updated or deleted.
```

> Allows customizing the content of toast notification when an item is saved or deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
Allows customising the content of toast notification when an item is updated or deleted.
```

> The hook function receives a context variable containing an `item` key with the original item data, a `list` key that can be used to limit the scope of the hook and the original `message` . The function should return a React component.

Author: ```suggestion
The hook function receives a context variable containing an `item` key with the original item data, a `list` key that can be used to limit the scope of the hook, the original `message` as well as a `toastAction` that will be either 'update' or 'delete'. The function should return a React component.
```
